hey fella what's good this is a girl and
the bronze goddess and I'm here to do a
review for a company called fab kids if
the name sounds a little bit familiar
this is actually one of the divisions of
just fat now if you follow my main
channel you guys know that I have
purchased quite a few things from
JustFab shoes accessories handbags all
that kind of stuff so I was very
interested in getting an opportunity to
try out their children's clothing mainly
because as you guys know I have two
young daughters so I'm according to them
all the items are designed by
professional designer and in association
with actress and mother Christina
Applegate so i'm going to show you guys
the items that i was sent but before I
do that let me tell you a little bit how
this particular subscription works so
it's 39 dot 95 and what you do is you
take a style quiz based on your results
from that style quiz from your child
they will hand select a showroom for
your child and you can opt to purchase
or not purchase if you decide not to
purchase all you have to do is skip by
the fifth of the month and your credit
card won't be chargers of course no
obligation to purchase but if you do
they say in each of the boxes for your
kid you should be receiving three items
so I'm going to see what's in this box I
actually have not even opened it or
looked at it all I did was cut the Box
open but I why don't you guys to see my
initial you know true reaction to what I
was set so anyway it comes in this
really cute hot big box that has bad
kids on it and they told me that they
sent me items for both my daughters so
you're going to see a little kitty one
for kaya and a big girl 14 Jana so I
believe this is Caius first let me show
you guys what this looks like
okay this is the first item right here
get this ricotta cuz this is really tiny
and here it is here it's this cute
little green top has their name here on
the tag and I like the cute little
keyhole hole in the back little keyhole
and a little bow on the back that's
going to be really cute it's the top for
kaya and for the bottom so look a little
tutu and this is like a little tutu for
the bottom and it's kind of layered in
like pink and hot pink and orange so
this is the outfit right here for my
youngest daughter kaya got this cute
little top here and this a little too to
type skirt she likes skirts and anything
that moves around that's really flowy
she likes that kind of stuff and I think
that this hair accessory goes with her
outfit the open this up so you guys can
see with this as well so this is the
three pieces that came in her set for
her outfits so this is for my youngest
daughter kaya she's two years old now
let me show you what was said for my
oldest daughter Jana now I really really
like this outfit when I saw it on the
website because it really seemed right
up yonder Sally if you guys just
recently saw my kitty hall you saw that
I told you that Jana like sequins
sparkle rhinestones glitter she's
definitely a girly girl and this has
some weight on it I like this and look
at this oh it's the front is sequence
and the bottom is this kind of color
blocked orange bottom but you guys can
see it shimmering like this and the back
has this orange exposed zipper here no
sequins on the back of your sequins on
the front isn't this adorable my
daughter is going to go crazy when she
sees all the sparkle on this so that's
what she got and then that actually
comes with a pair of pants and they
really kind of mix Princeton colors and
all that kind of thing for this
particular outfit because the pants that
go with this are black and white
coconut and here they are here it's a
super super cute um she can actually
just wear this alone or she could wear
these two pieces together but this is
really cute for like church or something
like that I thought this is adorable or
she can even easily play playing this or
wear this to school as you guys know my
daughter just started first grade today
but this is adorable and she also gets a
a hair tie so all right so I showed you
guys the items now let me tell you guys
how I feel about what I was set um I'm a
little bit more interested in the items
that they sent for my older daughter
Jana the sequin dress with the polkadot
pants and the hair tie that seems like a
nice value the dress had some weight on
it it seemed like it was well-made as
far as like the zipper and you know
everything just it seemed heavy and very
substantial and for to pay 3995 for that
I could do that that's a little bit more
than I would typically pay but because
of the quality and how well it's made
and everything I would definitely pay
that also because of the fact that I
feel like she'd get mix-and-match she
could wear the top as a dress alone or
she could wear with the bottom she can
mix and match where different talk with
the bottom I feel like I have more
versatility with her outfit as far as
for the outfit that was sent for kaya
although it is extremely cute um for
forty dollars and I got two pieces and
the hair tie I think I would feel a
little bit better for both of them if
the third piece was a clothing item if
the third piece was another shirt or
another skirt or another pair of pants
or something like that but I do love the
outfits out of everything that's it they
sent me I knew I would like this the
most and I do like I said it's got some
weight on it it's kind of heavy it looks
like it's well made I love the fact that
if the sequence and everything looks
absolutely adorable it's immaculate
lovely piece this piece alone I
understand paying this kind of money for
this and but as far as not getting a
third piece a third clothing piece
that's the only thing that's a bit of a
draw for me
if you guys interested in them i will
surely leave a link to them below but of
course i had to give you guys my honest
opinion and I really appreciate them for
allowing me this opportunity to do this
review I love you guys thank you so much
for watching I'll see you all in the
next video the next time Liberty wasn't
do deuces